oh yeah deuce and so flat mmm they'll
never know the difference that I'm not
deuce so I got some new shoes the other
day and they don't even like fit me
properly I think I'm gonna have to take
them back you should get some Eskimo
shoes hey it is um
deuce did you do something with your
hair yes I do it thank you Draculaura
for noticing it's like nobody knows is
in school so I bet you want to go on a
day oh not really but I'll say yes if
you go away perfect oh wait guys I just
noticed that y'all didn't get a poster
of me yesterday when I was a pinion out
here you go I'll be back
um what am I looking at here that's
quite disturbing
no son
hey guys
you have to tell me who just came
through here you did deuce no I really
didn't see it's the real me I got you a
necklace just drop down no no it's for
you it really is a B don't touch me you
have to tell me who that is
and don't be hanging around him now he's
he's a bad he's not me
dude that was you stop being an but I'll
just have to find this imposter myself
what what what the way to fuck is this
picture of me up on the town breakfast I
will find this imposter so yeah I got a
high-definition look chiseled chin you
want a picture of me um I'm not
interested now are you sure you get off
me but I paid so much money to get this
look I'm even wearing my hospital gown
still I don't care I only have three
girls of this new look I really like
that pink girl
flash I'll just spread the world mine
looks from Radio okay
oh yeah my jam my way downtown walking
fast person are you
my
yes